README.md, before:

<h3 align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/logos/exports/1544x1544_circle.png" width="100" alt="Logo"/><br/>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
	Catppuccin for <a href="https://github.com/gilbn/theme.park">theme.park</a>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
</h3>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/theme.park/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/catppuccin/theme.park?colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/theme.park/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/catppuccin/theme.park?colorA=363a4f&colorB=f5a97f&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/theme.park/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/catppuccin/theme.park?colorA=363a4f&colorB=a6da95&style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<img src="assets/preview.webp"/>
</p>

## Previews

<details>
<summary>🌻 Latte</summary>
<img src="assets/latte.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🪴 Frappé</summary>
<img src="assets/frappe.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌺 Macchiato</summary>
<img src="assets/macchiato.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌿 Mocha</summary>
<img src="assets/mocha.webp"/>
</details>

## Usage

Installing these themes depends on what application you want to apply them to.
We recommend reading [their documentation](https://docs.theme-park.dev/setup)
on how to set up the theme for each app. Besides that, the gist is as follows:

1. Install the **base** theme for the application. On theme.park, the URL would
   be `https://theme-park.dev/css/base/<application>/<application>-base.css`,
   but it depends on your installation method.
2. Install the flavor you prefer, making sure it is loaded after the base. We
   serve them from `https://themepark.catppuccin.com/<flavor>.css`.

## 🙋 FAQ

-	Q: **_"Where can I find the docs?"_**\
	A: theme.park has a [very comprehensive documentation
  site](https://docs.theme-park.dev/).
- Q: **_"Latte looks bad! What happened?"_**\
  A: Unfortunately, theme.park itself does not natively support light themes
  and lacks a proper way of implementing them, thus causing Latte to look quite
  bad on most, if not all, applications. There isn't a lot to be fixed here (if
  anything at all), so using a more specific theme is recommended.

## 💝 Thanks to

- [lewisakura](https://github.com/lewisakura)

&nbsp;

<p align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/footers/gray0_ctp_on_line.svg?sanitize=true" />
</p>

<p align="center">
	Copyright &copy; 2021-present <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin" target="_blank">Catppuccin Org</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=License&message=MIT&logoColor=d9e0ee&colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8"/></a>
</p>

Commit message:

docs: mention that theme is now upstream
closes #1

README.md, after:

<h3 align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/logos/exports/1544x1544_circle.png" width="100" alt="Logo"/><br/>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
	Catppuccin for <a href="https://github.com/gilbn/theme.park">theme.park</a>
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/misc/transparent.png" height="30" width="0px"/>
</h3>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/theme.park/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/catppuccin/theme.park?colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/theme.park/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/catppuccin/theme.park?colorA=363a4f&colorB=f5a97f&style=for-the-badge"></a>
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/theme.park/contributors"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/catppuccin/theme.park?colorA=363a4f&colorB=a6da95&style=for-the-badge"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<img src="assets/preview.webp"/>
</p>

## Previews

<details>
<summary>🌻 Latte</summary>
<img src="assets/latte.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🪴 Frappé</summary>
<img src="assets/frappe.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌺 Macchiato</summary>
<img src="assets/macchiato.webp"/>
</details>
<details>
<summary>🌿 Mocha</summary>
<img src="assets/mocha.webp"/>
</details>

## Usage

Catppuccin is now **included by default** as a [Community
Theme](https://docs.theme-park.dev/community-themes/catppuccin/) on theme.park,
please see the [official documentation](https://docs.theme-park.dev/setup/) for
information on how to apply this theme.

## 🙋 FAQ

- Q: **_"Latte looks bad! What happened?"_**\
  A: Unfortunately, theme.park itself does not natively support light themes
  and lacks a proper way of implementing them, thus causing Latte to look quite
  bad on most, if not all, applications. There isn't a lot to be fixed here (if
  anything at all), so using a more specific theme is recommended.

## 💝 Thanks to

- [lewisakura](https://github.com/lewisakura)

&nbsp;

<p align="center">
	<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/main/assets/footers/gray0_ctp_on_line.svg?sanitize=true" />
</p>

<p align="center">
	Copyright &copy; 2021-present <a href="https://github.com/catppuccin" target="_blank">Catppuccin Org</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
	<a href="https://github.com/catppuccin/catppuccin/blob/main/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1.svg?style=for-the-badge&label=License&message=MIT&logoColor=d9e0ee&colorA=363a4f&colorB=b7bdf8"/></a>
</p>
